Clarified pre-packaged vs latest vs Marketplace integrations (#6950)
mattermost/docs: source/collaborate/extend-mattermost-with-integrations.rst

Extend Mattermost with integrations
===================================

`Visit the Mattermost Marketplace <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/>`__ to find open source integrations to common developer tools like `CircleCI <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/circleci/>`__, `Opsgenie <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/opsgenie/>`__, `PagerDuty Notifier <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/pagerduty/>`__, and `Zendesk App <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/zendesk-app/>`__; productivity tools like `Autolink <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/autolink-plugin/>`__, `ToDo <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/todo/>`__, and `WelcomeBot <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/welcomebot-plugin/>`__; as well as social tools like `Memes <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/memes-plugin/>`__ and `GIFs <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/giphy-plugin/>`__ that are freely available for use and customization.

> Pre-packaged integrations

Reviewer: Missing Calls

Reviewer: Also missing playbooks

Author: Chatted with @wiersgallak about this; Calls and Playbooks are considered product features rather than integrations.

-------------------------

> Mattermost includes the following pre-packaged integrations your organization can configure and use:

Reviewer: Should we add that these are "supported"?

> Mattermost includes the following pre-packaged integrations your organization can configure and use:

Author: ```suggestion
The following Mattermost-supported integrations are pre-packaged and available for your organization to configure and use:
```
